src/endpoints/texts/get_text_race_results.md, before:

# Get Race Results For Text

Get the RaceResults for the Text with the given text_id

NOTE: this endpoint will only return RaceResults from the last year

## URL

`GET /v1/texts/<text_id>/races`

## Parameters

| Parameter  | Type                | Description                                                                          |
|------------|---------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `text_id`  | number              | The ID of the Text to get                                                            |
| `universe` | string (optional)   | The Universe to get RaceResults for - will default to all Universes if omitted       |
| `n`        | number (optional)   | The number of RaceResults to return - must be between 1 and 100 (default: 10)        |
| `after`    | DateTime (optional) | If provided, will only return RaceResults that occurred after the provided DateTime  |
| `before`   | DateTime (optional) | If provided, will only return RaceResults that occurred before the provided DateTime |

## Return Value

```json
{
  "success": boolean,
  "error": Error | null,
  "data": RaceResult[] | null
}
```

Commit message:

added keylog parameter to get_text_race_results params

src/endpoints/texts/get_text_race_results.md, after:

# Get Race Results For Text

Get the RaceResults for the Text with the given text_id

NOTE: this endpoint will only return RaceResults from the last year

## URL

`GET /v1/texts/<text_id>/races`

## Parameters

| Parameter  | Type                | Description                                                                          |
|------------|---------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `text_id`  | number              | The ID of the Text to get                                                            |
| `universe` | string (optional)   | The Universe to get RaceResults for - will default to all Universes if omitted       |
| `n`        | number (optional)   | The number of RaceResults to return - must be between 1 and 100 (default: 10)        |
| `after`    | DateTime (optional) | If provided, will only return RaceResults that occurred after the provided DateTime  |
| `before`   | DateTime (optional) | If provided, will only return RaceResults that occurred before the provided DateTime |
| `keylog`   | boolean (optional)  | If true, will return the keylog as part of the RaceResult - defaults to false        |

## Return Value

```json
{
  "success": boolean,
  "error": Error | null,
  "data": RaceResult[] | null
}
```
